In your own terms, define the following terms:

- What is HTTP?
Hyper Text Transfer Protocol is how browsers and servers communicate. 
- What is a URL?
URLS connect to web browser known as the HTTPS, to the located servers
in order for the consumer to see response to the Request when you use the http
- What is DNS?
DNS is the Domain Name Service. This is converts a website URL into an IP. This is then connect to Computer Cahce, Router, ISP, DNS servers. in order to amke it a IP.  
- What is a query string? Server provides this information. Such as search terms, info from forms, and amount of pages that may change depending on response of javscript. 
- What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different? GET and POST are http methods aso called HTTP verbs
GET is diffrent from post becasue GET: requests without side effects. no server data will be changed. While POST: requests with side effects will change data on server.
- What is an HTTP request?  this method is within the previouse spoke about GET. This is when you point you rbrowser toa  web page on a server, and the broswer makes a request to the server. 
- What is an HTTP response? a Responses is in regard of the previouse method I spoke about POST. is the responses you get from the previouse Request. such as response Codes or content from the code within the Browser.  
- What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
- What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser? 
The proccess would resolving an IP to the actual HTTP Request within the GET request to the server location. then continues to ISP, then dose  HTTP responses: Constructs an HTTP responses containing the request web page along with the appropriate headers.

Part Two: Practice Tools
1. Using curl, make a GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes 
involving the word "priate" 

"https://icahazdadjokes.com/search?term=pirate" 


2.Use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com 
dig icanhazdadjoke.com +short

3. Make a simple web page and serve it using python3 -m http.server. Visit the page in a browser

Build a very simple HTML form that uses the GET method (it can use the same page URL for the action) when the form is submitted.

Add a field or two to the form and, after submitting it, explore in Chrome Developer tools how you can view the request and response headers.

Edit the page to change the form type to POST, refresh in the browser and re-submit. Do you still see the field in the query string? Explore in Chrome how you can view the request 
and response headers, as well as the form data.

Part Four: Explore the URL API
At times, it’s useful for your JavaScript to look at the URL of the browser window and change how the script works depending on parts of that (particularly the query string).

[Read about the URL API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL)

Try some of the code examples in the Chrome Console so that you can get comfortable with the basic 
methods and properties for instances of the URL class.